wifi: enterprise: Fixes after MbedTLS 4.1.0 update (#29001)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Wi-Fi®
------

> * Removed support for DES-encrypted private keys in Wi-Fi Enterprise (EAP-TLS) following the TF-PSA-Crypto 4.1.0 upgrade in |NCS|.

Reviewer: TF-PSA-Crypto 1.1, not 4.1, 4.1 is Mbed TLS
```suggestion
* Removed support for DES-encrypted private keys in Wi-Fi Enterprise (EAP-TLS) following the update to Mbed TLS 4.1.0/TF-PSA-Crypto 1.1.0 in |NCS|.
```

>   TF-PSA-Crypto no longer implements DES ciphers, so PKCS#8 client keys encrypted with DES-EDE3-CBC cannot be decrypted during the TLS handshake (including the FreeRADIUS ``rsa2k`` test certificates).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  TF-PSA-Crypto no longer implements DES ciphers, therefore, PKCS#8 client keys encrypted with DES-EDE3-CBC cannot be decrypted during the TLS handshake (including the FreeRADIUS ``rsa2k`` test certificates).
```
